Nrf cc3xx 0.9.22 (#2146)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: crypto/doc/CHANGELOG_cc3xx_mbedcrypto.rst

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

nrf_cc3xx_mbedcrypto - 0.9.22
*****************************

New version of the runtime library with the following bug fixes and improvements:

> * Removed library for Mbed TLS legacy APIs from the distribution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed the library for Mbed TLS legacy APIs from the distribution.
```
Should we mention the reason?

> * Removed all alternative header files for cryptography features, which was used by legacy Mbed TLS APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed all alternative header files for cryptography features that were used by legacy Mbed TLS APIs.
```
Should we mention the reason?

Reviewer: Edit not entirely applied. See new comment below.

> * Removed all alternative header files for cryptography features, that were used by legacy Mbed TLS APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed all alternative header files for the cryptography features that were used by legacy Mbed TLS APIs.
```

> * Disabled MBEDTLS_PLATFORM_SETUP_TEARDOWN_ALT, as this is no longer needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Disabled ``MBEDTLS_PLATFORM_SETUP_TEARDOWN_ALT``, as it is no longer needed.
```
